1. Phil and Leon went to the canal to fish. It was the perfect spot, because no one was around. As they got out the rods, they heard a splash and a scream. Phil and Leon looked up, and saw a hand waving in the water. Someone had fallen in.

2.  Every country educates differently and can improve their system by studying others' educational sytem. Individual states control their schools in the United States, while French schools are controlled by a centralized government institutuion. Schools in the vicinity of these nations differ greatly in light of the fact of those countries' differences. 

3. Children learn by experience. Children need to have a variety of experiences in order to learn all they need for life. Experiences children need include those with adults, and experiences on their own. Children who spend too much time in front of a screen do not have sufficient experience. Children should have the opportunity to explore the outdoors as well, which has the potential to create a very unique experience for them.

4. Writing can be hard and students may feel it is too heavily emphasized. Schools that don't emphasise writing see poor performance from their graduates, and graduates blame the school for not preparing them.

5. The research and development (R & D) described in this document was conducted within the U. S. Department of Energy's (DOE) Solar Thermal Technology Program. The goal of the Solar Thermal Technology Program is to advance the engineering understanding of solar thermal technology at the present time and to establish the technology base from which industry can develop solar thermal power. The future of industrial solar thermal power involves an introduction into the national energy supply.

6. The Solar Thermal Technology program is directing efforts to advance promising system concepts in solar thermal technology. The program is also attempting to improve promising system concepts. The program is carrying out efforts in light of the fact that the DOE and its network of national laboratories have made this effort a priority. The program for improving performance and creating technically proven options for incorporation into the national energy supply appears to be fully on track in the event that it secures appropriate funding going forward.

7. To be successful in contributing appropriately to an adequate national energy supply at at a reasonable and appropriate cost, solar thermal energy must eventually be economically competitive with a variety of energy sources. To effectively compete with coal and natural gas, solar thermal energy must be developed with a variety of appropriate components and system-level performance targets. To meet performance targets, planning must occur that has the potential to completely eliminate routine failures, as has been discussed previously.
